Kuberay 0.5.0 docs validation update docs for GCS FT (#1004)
ray-project/kuberay: docs/best-practice/worker-head-reconnection.md

It retries 600 times and each interval is 1s, resulting in total 600s timeout, i.e. 10 min. So immediately after 10-min wait for retries, each client exits and gets restarted while connecting to the new head IP. This issue exists in all stable ray versions (including 1.9.1). This has been reduced to 60s in recent commit in master. 

> ## Solution

Reviewer: We still have several things that need to be improved for GCS FT. Maybe we still mark it as alpha, and we will try to make this feature stable in the next release. Is it reasonable for you?

Author: I think this feature is more stable now and maybe we can mark as beta and for the next release stable. This feature is owned by @wilsonwang371, WDYT?

Reviewer: Mark as beta SGTM

> We recommand to use the latest Kuberay version. After 0.5.0, the GCS Fault-Tolerance (FT) feature is now stable and it will resolve the problem. To enable GCS FT, please refer to [Ray GCS Fault Tolerance](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/blob/master/docs/guidance/gcs-ft.md).

Reviewer: > When the head pod was deleted, it will be recreated with a new IP by KubeRay controller，and the GCS server address is changed accordingly. The Raylets of all workers will try to get GCS address from Redis in `ReconnectGcsServer`, but the redis_clients always use the previous head IP, so they will always fail to get new GCS address.

Why "The Raylets of all workers will try to get GCS address from Redis in `ReconnectGcsServer`, but the redis_clients always use the previous head IP"? In my understanding, Ray workers use the head service's DNS name to connect to the head rather than head's IP. Do I miss anything?

Author: It was in the old version for kuberay 0.3.0 and ray under 1.9 and for now your understanding is right that it would be DNS names, here I can delete this misleading information.

https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/98be9fb5e08befbd6cac3ffbcaa477c5117b0eef/src/ray/gcs/gcs_client/gcs_client.cc#L294-L295
```

It retries 600 times and each interval is 1s, resulting in total 600s timeout, i.e. 10 min. So immediately after 10-min wait for retries, each client exits and gets restarted while connecting to the new head IP. This issue exists in stable ray versions under 1.9.1. This has been reduced to 60s in recent commit under Kuberay 0.3.0.

## Solution

> We recommend using the latest version of KubeRay. After version 0.5.0, the GCS Fault-Tolerance feature is now in beta and can help resolve this reconnection issue."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using the latest version of KubeRay. After version 0.5.0, the GCS Fault-Tolerance feature is now in beta and can help resolve this reconnection issue.
```

Reviewer: nit

> We recommand to use the latest Kuberay version. After 0.5.0, the GCS Fault-Tolerance (FT) feature is now stable and it will resolve the problem. To enable GCS FT, please refer to [Ray GCS Fault Tolerance](https://github.com/ray-project/kuberay/blob/master/docs/guidance/gcs-ft.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using the latest version of KubeRay. After version 0.5.0, the GCS Fault-Tolerance feature is now in beta and can help resolve this reconnection issue."
```
